KeyCloak and start of dns (#108)
UML-Cyber-Security/CCDC_Practice_Infrastructure: OperatingSystem-Services/Platform-Linux/Identity Management/KeyCloak/KeyCloak.md

Reviewer: How the mighty have fallen... :(

Capitalize services (aka Docker).

Usually, it's helpful to put commands in single ticks around it so that it shows up like `this`. It'll make it easier to understand that this is something that you'll want to do within the software you're using.

I'll accept the WIP work for now. Just fix those capitalization things primarily. Otherwise, it's good. Maybe add a section to install baremetal (i.e. not with Docker)? Not completely necessary, but just a recommendation if you wanted to.

Official Website: https://www.keycloak.org/

## Getting Started (Docker)
In order to get started we will need to install Docker as this documentation focuses on using the advantages of Docker to better use KeyCloak in general. If you already have Docker installed you can skip to KeyCloak Install.

> Below is the squential command lines needed to download and install Docker, more in depth documentation on the workings of Docker should be found elsewhere on this repo.

Reviewer 2: Probably reword a little bit:

```suggestion
Use the following commands to install Docker, we will be leveraging the advantages of containerization in this deployment. Additional details on Docker and other containerization platforms can be found elsewhere in this repository. 
```

maybe want to mention something about how other container engines will require different steps that are not covered in something like a NOTE block
```
> [!NOTE]
> words
```

```sh
sudo apt update
sudo apt install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common
curl -fsSL https://download.Docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add -
sudo add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.Docker.com/linux/ubuntu $(lsb_release -cs) stable"
sudo apt update

> sudo apt install Docker-ce

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if this is fine; check if package names are case-sensitive. As far as I am aware they may not be.

Reviewer 2: Same this elsewhere throughout

```

> Once you have installed Docker you will be able to run and start it with the following commands

Reviewer 2: I think you could replace it with one command `systemctl enable --now docker` if you want

```sh

> sudo systemctl start Docker

Reviewer 2: Services are case sensitive. Capital D docker will not work.

sudo systemctl enable Docker
```
Then you can verify the Docker installation by running and seeing the version output
```sh

> Docker --version

Reviewer 2: Commands are case sensitve. This should be lower case
